My company
The shower is at the end
What did you get?
If there is no desire
If there is no obsession
Then the people I love and the people who love me
Can everyone be happy?
The choice to start
Decide the current outcome
IF
No one in front of you
Maybe.
Tongtong Tongtong
Student union election tomorrow
A little crowded
A little scared
What are you afraid of in a student election?
You think of the audience below as radish and cabbage
Can you come with me tomorrow?
Of course you can.
I'm calling lotus leaves down there to cheer
Great, come on.
You are so kind.
I treat you as my best friend, what can I thank you for?
We will also be good friends for life
We agreed to be best friends for life
It's a deal.
Ha ha.
Hahahaha